# March 5th, 2021 Meeting Note

* Mar 5, 2021
    * Trevor, Saji: working on main page UI with some backend (handling experiment list)
    * Mike, Archit: Mostly backend work with some implementation of UI user classes, Firestore implementation and major base classes mostly complete 
    * Saif, Aryan: Working on QR code and implementing ExperimentFragment
    * Important: will update UI to avoid switching between tabs for different experiment types to avoid complications - no final solution yet but a couple of ideas were discussed

* Feb 16, 2021
    * Create new branch for each new features implemented (use features as branch name)
    * self assigned issues before working on it to prevent overlapping  
    * Make Groups of Two to work on similar features:
    * Trevor, Saji: Work on User Interface (e.g. xml file) and interaction between frontend and backend
    * Mike, Archit: Great work on the backend and the Firestore, keep working on what you are doing (will be more define after next meeting)
    * Saif, Aryan: Assign tasks during the next meeting


* Feb 17, 2021
    * Finished UI and StoryBoard
    * Ask TA about plot, QR code, etc
    * Meet with TA on Feb 18th to discuss work done

* Feb 16, 2021
    * Finished Project Backlog
    * Ask TA definition of Risk and priority

* Feb 15, 2021
    * Discussed the use of software for the storyboard
    * Discussed the plan for this week
    * Meeting with the TA on Thursday
    * Finish Product Backlog and potentially User Interface Mockups and Storyboard Sequences before the Meeting with TA
    * Project Backlog -> User Interface Mockups and Storyboard Sequences -> Object-Oriented Analysis -> Tool use
    * All: Read the Project Problem Description and start thinking about implementation of the Project Backlog
    * Mike: upload a workable application to github repo
